margaret johnstone: Hello.
margaret johnstone: He's busy right now. I'm sorry.
margaret johnstone: Hi, Donna.
margaret johnstone: Donna
Donna Jochimsen: There we go.
margaret johnstone: Good. Good work.
margaret johnstone: How are you doing,
Donna Jochimsen: Been better
margaret johnstone: Okay. Okay, tell me what's been going on for you.
Donna Jochimsen: Well, I just had a pretty big manic episode.
Mm hmm.
Donna Jochimsen: For yet but just about on the other side.
Donna Jochimsen: Lasted probably, I don't, I'm not even sure when it started, but I know at least a week to 10 days.
margaret johnstone: Only what some of those symptoms are what kind of symptoms. Do you have
Donna Jochimsen: When you have not sure
Donna Jochimsen: Sure, I have trouble concentrating, I cannot finish any projects I start 100 projects. Don't didn't finish any of them.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, I'm not sleeping not eating right
margaret johnstone: How many hours sleep last night.
Donna Jochimsen: About two and a half hours and now is because I gave up and took a shot on Nyquil
Donna Jochimsen: Oh, at about
Donna Jochimsen: 1130 and got a couple hours sleep, but definitely sleep five
margaret johnstone: Yeah, you can't you can't go days without sleep. It's too hard on your brain.
margaret johnstone: So really, really bad.
Donna Jochimsen: I know it's that's why I'm you know I can. That's why I can't concentrate or
Donna Jochimsen: Right, but all conversations and can't read. I can't
margaret johnstone: Can you tell me, do you live by yourself, or do you live with someone
Donna Jochimsen: I do live by myself.
margaret johnstone: You have any pets.
Donna Jochimsen: I do some cats.
Good.
Donna Jochimsen: They're good friend love my cat.
margaret johnstone: Yeah, so this this isolation that we've all been going through. It's been really hard on everyone and it's
margaret johnstone: especially hard. Yes. Sounds like yeah
Donna Jochimsen: Well Dr holiday had told me, You should think back for the last 10 days or two weeks and
Donna Jochimsen: You know, see if you can, there are any triggers and there's that there's the isolation part plus
Donna Jochimsen: My, my husband died two years ago. And the fifth would have been his birthday.
Donna Jochimsen: Oh,
Donna Jochimsen: So there was
Donna Jochimsen: All of that.
Donna Jochimsen: I forgot. I forgot the spending Part I
Donna Jochimsen: Spent a bunch of money. I didn't
Donna Jochimsen: Spend and have spent the last day or two canceling things and sending them back and
Donna Jochimsen: Ridiculous. I don't even recall doing
margaret johnstone: Yeah. Do you go online and spend or
Donna Jochimsen: I yes
margaret johnstone: That's what I did. Yeah, it's easy to do. It's easy to do.
Donna Jochimsen: Well, I don't even really well. I recall some of it, but there were things that I don't even. I don't know how it happened. But I think I've got most of it straight out.
margaret johnstone: Well that's common during a manic episode to have some memory loss.
margaret johnstone: That happens to a lot of people
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, it's happened to me before.
margaret johnstone: What's a good thing that they'll take things back Nisha
Donna Jochimsen: And the bank's cancel my card pretty easily.
margaret johnstone: Yeah, they're canceling everybody's cards now at the drop of the hat.
Donna Jochimsen: You know, yeah. Well, when I when I was well and there was a lot of unusual activity. It's happened it's happened to me before, so they say. That's good.
margaret johnstone: It is good.
margaret johnstone: Yeah, it's a protection for everybody.
margaret johnstone: So tell me how long you've had bipolar disorder that you've been diagnosed
Donna Jochimsen: I was diagnosed in the mid 90s sometime
margaret johnstone: So 20 years ago.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, I had it before that was that was that diagnosed, then
margaret johnstone: Have you had any recent hospitalizations or anything.
Donna Jochimsen: Not recent now.
margaret johnstone: Okay. When was the last one.
Donna Jochimsen: Do you mean you mean physically or mentally because
margaret johnstone: Either one. Both. Both.
margaret johnstone: Tell me well.
Donna Jochimsen: But they both banner. They both either one would have been a long time ago, at least 10 years maybe
margaret johnstone: No. Okay. And did you have a psychiatrist that you were working with for a while or
margaret johnstone: What project I did, yeah.
margaret johnstone: And you've been with bright heart health before, right.
Donna Jochimsen: No, I started to started in December.
Okay.
margaret johnstone: You've been been with us since December, HAVE YOU BEEN GOING TO HAVE YOU BEEN GOING TO groups. And do you have a therapist.
Donna Jochimsen: I have a therapist. I've not been going to groups because that must have been just all of them have been canceled. Did the the coven thing I do, I do, and an online group. Yeah.
Donna Jochimsen: Couple couple times a week.
margaret johnstone: Right. Her health, sir.
Donna Jochimsen: Let's start with Bret Hart, it's women for sobriety.
margaret johnstone: Oh, good.
It's a great
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, I like it.
margaret johnstone: So how long have you been clean and sober.
Donna Jochimsen: Um, let's see, be four months right now.
Donna Jochimsen: I had a couple of years. And then I had a relapse or a few months and then came to bright heart. And so it's been since December.
margaret johnstone: So you've been clean and sober since December, that's terrific. Hard work hard work. Any other, any other drugs in your life besides alcohol.
Donna Jochimsen: Now I quit drinking alcohol and my 20s, I didn't, didn't go very well with me.
Donna Jochimsen: I was, I say I was too good at it. I drank too much and
Donna Jochimsen: It always caused a problem. And so I quit.
Donna Jochimsen: Doing that a long time ago.
Okay.
margaret johnstone: So you've been you've been on the Suboxone since December, is that right
Donna Jochimsen: And again. Yeah, I was on it for two and a half years. And then, like I said, I thought, I thought that I was well enough to go off of Suboxone
Donna Jochimsen: Was getting it from going through a different place and
Donna Jochimsen: I taper down and tapered off of it, but
Donna Jochimsen: Within a couple of months I relapse.
margaret johnstone: What do you
Donna Jochimsen: What do you think, barely cert relapse, but
margaret johnstone: Yeah. What do you think was the trigger.
Donna Jochimsen: Well, I'm pretty sure that it would be that someone, someone in my from in my life before when I was using came back into my life. Yeah.
margaret johnstone: You think you'd let them in your life where they just drifted in
Donna Jochimsen: I love them and I was lonely. I let them in.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah.
Donna Jochimsen: I thought I could handle it.
margaret johnstone: Yeah, that happens. That happens
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah.
margaret johnstone: Sorry, I don't mean to cover this up but I'm moving my screens around here.
Donna Jochimsen: I can't tell what you're doing, actually. So
Good.
margaret johnstone: So tell me a little bit about yourself, where you grew up.
Donna Jochimsen: I grew up here in Crescent City, California. Nah, I got married fairly young I was 18 when I got married when we were married for 42 years
Mm hmm.
Donna Jochimsen: He died two years ago. I have four kids.
Donna Jochimsen: More wonderful
margaret johnstone: Foods.
Donna Jochimsen: Right, the little granddaughters
Whoo.
margaret johnstone: Do they live.
Donna Jochimsen: I've got to that live fairly near and the other two are few hundred miles away.
Okay.
margaret johnstone: That's nice to have a few close by.
Donna Jochimsen: Yes.
Yeah.
margaret johnstone: So anybody in your family mother, father, aunts, uncles, children have any issues with addictions or drugs.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah. Yes. Probably all of them at something, you know, it's one was kind of different. My dad was an alcoholic. My mom abuse prescription drugs.
Donna Jochimsen: amphetamines and Valeo, which is kind of a weird thing to do, but
Donna Jochimsen: My brother, my brother, how to methamphetamine diction, and my sister was about 400 pounds which I consider to be also an addiction.
Donna Jochimsen: Food, though. Yeah, there was some
Donna Jochimsen: Some addiction and my family.
Yeah.
margaret johnstone: Well, that just makes it a little harder, harder for you to work on all of this.
margaret johnstone: But you certainly can do it and you're doing a good job you're doing a really good job.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, I was. I was doing really well. I mean, I really well. I have a really good attitude, you know, a positive attitude. I was really happy with how I was doing and then just got hit with this manic episode.
margaret johnstone: So I'd like to go over your medications that you're taking right now.
margaret johnstone: And let's talk about and see what you what you think would tell me what you think would be helpful.
Donna Jochimsen: Well, I'm
Donna Jochimsen: I think, more or less, and probably would be a good place to start.
Donna Jochimsen: I think it was on the low level.
Donna Jochimsen: They told me to tell you if you can't find it in my charts, but it's
Donna Jochimsen: Under the thyroid
margaret johnstone: Oh, I couldn't find it.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah.
Donna Jochimsen: They hit it.
margaret johnstone: So,
Donna Jochimsen: So the lithium. We probably we probably need a little bit more and then the Suboxone I'm taking I've started taking us they're giving me a low dose of Seroquel to help me sleep.
Donna Jochimsen: That's good, but it's not not doing. It's definitely not doing the job.
Donna Jochimsen: And Colombia to Clonidine for anxiety.
margaret johnstone: Mm hmm.
margaret johnstone: How's that working
Donna Jochimsen: And under normal circumstances that works pretty well.
margaret johnstone: Yeah, so right now.
margaret johnstone: So have you taken Seroquel
margaret johnstone: Bad would
Donna Jochimsen: That would be all
Donna Jochimsen: Yes, I have taken circle before
margaret johnstone: Okay, okay.
margaret johnstone: Well, there's a couple options.
margaret johnstone: And when was your last lithium level done. You remember
Donna Jochimsen: February.
Okay.
margaret johnstone: We certainly can go up on the lithium.
margaret johnstone: So that would be one thing we can do. And the other thing we could think about doing is going up a little bit on the Seroquel
margaret johnstone: How much are you making it bedtime right now.
Donna Jochimsen: Here.
Donna Jochimsen: I'm supposed to take one half to one tablet and
Donna Jochimsen: And it hundred milligrams
Donna Jochimsen: I've been taking the one milligram, but
Donna Jochimsen: Obviously not sleeping.
margaret johnstone: hundred milligrams
margaret johnstone: Yes. Yeah, I mean, we definitely can go up on that 250 so up to one and a half.
margaret johnstone: And then increase the lithium and get another lithium level in a couple weeks. How's that
Donna Jochimsen: That's, that's fine.
Okay.
margaret johnstone: So if you lithium responder. That's actually really good because not everybody responds to it. And it's a really good drug
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, yeah, I know that they tried to put they put me on Depakote. At first, and that just asked her for me. I did not do well with Depakote at all, but they switched to lithium and and and i do respond to that it has it has most definitely helped even me out.
margaret johnstone: Mm hmm. Yeah. That's a, that's a real miracle drug for a lot of people. And they said, a lot of people can't take it and I went to a really good lecture on it by a guy from Stanford.
margaret johnstone: Who said that the studies, they've done on lithium and the brain are lithium is kind of protective of your brain. It doesn't harm your brain in any way and they think it may protect your brain cells. And as we age, protecting our brain cells is a bigger and bigger.
margaret johnstone: Yeah, let me tell you.
Donna Jochimsen: Mr.
margaret johnstone: Yeah, me to
Donna Jochimsen: Lose any
margaret johnstone: Yeah. And the older you get, the more you think about taking here.
margaret johnstone: So I'm
margaret johnstone: Sure, yeah. The lithium is, you know, a good drug for you and I'm glad that you're able to use it. Um,
margaret johnstone: Do you need refills right now on your Suboxone, are you okay
Donna Jochimsen: Now they'll get they'll read on my soapbox on on Monday when I do for you and
Donna Jochimsen: These were filled my prescriptions were filled at the end of April. So, but if I asked the
margaret johnstone: Living in Wyoming.
margaret johnstone: Meet
Donna Jochimsen: Or Canadian yeah it
Donna Jochimsen: Made it earlier.
margaret johnstone: Wine. I'll put in a new new prescriptions for you.
Okay.
Donna Jochimsen: And on this area and the Sierra Club. I think they say we're gonna go up on a circle.
margaret johnstone: Right.
My dear.
Donna Jochimsen: I quit.
margaret johnstone: Oh, good.
Donna Jochimsen: About
margaret johnstone: You did you quit.
Donna Jochimsen: I'm serious.
Donna Jochimsen: And March, I think.
Donna Jochimsen: March. Yeah, yeah.
margaret johnstone: Congratulations. That is the hardest addiction to stop that.
margaret johnstone: Yeah, no, it is people really really struggle with that. And so
Donna Jochimsen: I have I have tried to quit. So many times over the years. And I don't know, I just, I quit. I quit. Like last summer for a few months.
Donna Jochimsen: And I ended up at once again being around people that were smoking and I ended up starting again. But so I know that I can. I already knew that I could quit. I'd done at once. I could do that again. So I just did.
Donna Jochimsen: Well, that's just a couple of slip ups but not
Donna Jochimsen: But not bad.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah.
margaret johnstone: That's fabulous that you're able to do that.
margaret johnstone: I'm trying to find your lithium information. Hang on here.
margaret johnstone: You get that
Donna Jochimsen: The Syrah
margaret johnstone: Yeah.
margaret johnstone: Well he's somewhere in the
Donna Jochimsen: Thyroid section.
Donna Jochimsen: Okay.
Donna Jochimsen: I'm not sure, I think, is it why oh eight is. Does that sound right.
margaret johnstone: Yeah, that's where they like it. That's the considered the
Donna Jochimsen: The standards. That's what it is right now.
margaret johnstone: See, that's a perfect level. So if we take you up another your 300 twice a day, which is a low dose 600
margaret johnstone: If we take you up to maybe another hundred and 50 on the lithium. It'll push your level up a little bit, but
margaret johnstone: Okay. Right. Right. Now, it might be worth a try, just to get you more stable. What do you think
Donna Jochimsen: I think that I think that's a good idea. And I'll get it checked in a couple of weeks to make sure that it's not too high.
margaret johnstone: I'll put
Donna Jochimsen: I'm so used to doing that I've been
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, getting those lovely I'm levels for many years now.
margaret johnstone: It doesn't. It affects your thyroid and your kidneys.
margaret johnstone: And so those things we watch
margaret johnstone: And as we get older our kidney function goes down just naturally. So, um, and women at more
Donna Jochimsen: I realized I was a little late. I was a little late, checking in at at 12 because I had to pee before, right.
Yeah.
margaret johnstone: Isn't that the truth. Isn't that the truth.
margaret johnstone: Yeah, me so. So right now I think the plan would be to go up slightly on the lithium and increase the Seroquel just slightly to one and a half.
margaret johnstone: Okay. Hundred and 50
margaret johnstone: Eric. Well, and we'll add in an additional
margaret johnstone: Either hundred or 150 if it comes in hundreds, I may just give you an extra hundred to put in there.
Donna Jochimsen: And do you take your board that lithium.
margaret johnstone: Yeah dude, does it, I think.
margaret johnstone: I think it comes in. Hundred and 15 so we'll have to see.
Donna Jochimsen: I'm not sure. Yeah.
margaret johnstone: So, oh, I'll put in another prescription for you for that, um, anything else you're doing to help get yourself any place you can go outside, you have a yard that you can be in
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, I think I can go outside and and the area. I live in. It's a small area. I can go to the beach and walk
margaret johnstone: Oh, good.
Donna Jochimsen: I can do, I can do those things. I, I have not been doing much of it because honestly I don't trust myself driving when I'm you know manic and such. I, I just tried to stay home.
margaret johnstone: Mm hmm. So how long do these manic episodes last
Donna Jochimsen: You know, I want to say maybe one to two weeks, usually
margaret johnstone: Session.
Donna Jochimsen: Sure, happy.
Donna Jochimsen: Oh,
Donna Jochimsen: My cat is 17 years old and he just
Donna Jochimsen: Fell down
Donna Jochimsen: The side of the bed in the wall and was stuck. You can get out
Donna Jochimsen: My goodness.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah.
margaret johnstone: Well, you're a busy lady. But, you know, right now.
margaret johnstone: They are you taking any vitamins or nutritional supplements or anything.
Donna Jochimsen: I just I just take a daily supplement and
margaret johnstone: Like a women's one one a day. Multiply thing.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, but when the women's one. Yeah.
margaret johnstone: Mm hmm. Good. Because right now, they think that that's going to be very helpful.
margaret johnstone: Because we want to not get the virus.
Donna Jochimsen: Oh my that scares me. I hear about that on TV, the nurses talking about how, how about that. There's and makes me not want to leave the house at all.
margaret johnstone: Whoo. Yeah.
margaret johnstone: But you have
Donna Jochimsen: One side asks, I always wear a mask.
margaret johnstone: Good. Oh.
Donna Jochimsen: And I do live alone. So it's necessary for me to go
Donna Jochimsen: You know, but it's, that's a scary thing.
margaret johnstone: Okay, well, it is hard. It is hard thing to adjust to we have to change everything we do. Have you been going to the supermarket for yourself and things like that.
Donna Jochimsen: I have their shopping for myself. I usually go about once a week.
margaret johnstone: Uh huh. And you wear your mask and everything.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah I do, where my mouse. Yeah.
Donna Jochimsen: My kids. My kids would kill me.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, I just, I don't
Donna Jochimsen: I would, I don't. I just don't think I'd go if I didn't have a mask. Honestly, I, I wouldn't want to get it myself or give it to people I love or, you know,
margaret johnstone: So when you give me a Nick, do you have any suicidal thoughts.
Donna Jochimsen: No, you know, I have never really had suicidal thoughts.
margaret johnstone: That's good.
Donna Jochimsen: That's yes it is good. It is
Donna Jochimsen: It is good.
margaret johnstone: Yeah, well, this weekend is going to be a big weekend. It's Mother's Day, you have any plans.
Donna Jochimsen: Yes, it is. I'm
Donna Jochimsen: Not too. I think my one daughter is going to bring me bring me food she always cooks for me.
Donna Jochimsen: Um, yeah, my son sent me a new iPhone.
Donna Jochimsen: As a, I don't know. I don't have much planned.
margaret johnstone: Okay. Well, it sounds like you
Donna Jochimsen: Probably all do FaceTime together.
Donna Jochimsen: You know,
margaret johnstone: Sounds like you have pretty good relationship with your kids.
Donna Jochimsen: I do
margaret johnstone: Yeah. And so that's that's really a wonderful thing, and keeps you gives you a lot more to focus on the sides. What's going on for you.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah. Yes.
Donna Jochimsen: It does.
margaret johnstone: Yeah. So right now, your major symptoms are lack of sleep.
margaret johnstone: Or focus concentration has your appetite.
Donna Jochimsen: I'm way more than it should be. I'm
Donna Jochimsen: Not been over eating a lot. I don't, I'm not even sure why.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah.
margaret johnstone: I don't want one of the things with the staying at home. People are snacking a lot. Do you find that that's what you
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, I'm like a little child one ice cream for dinner. Go ahead.
margaret johnstone: Yeah yeah
Donna Jochimsen: And it doesn't really care.
margaret johnstone: It's really easy to not eat nutritious stuff and to snack. A lot right now because we're in the house so much. And if you can get out and do other things.
margaret johnstone: Do you have a garden or anything you like to be in
Donna Jochimsen: No small small flower garden but nothing that I spent a lot of time on
Donna Jochimsen: It's mainly just me. Me and my cats and I'm in daily contact with my kids. Yeah.
margaret johnstone: Good.
margaret johnstone: That's really good.
Donna Jochimsen: So the lady next door and I are kind of friends so
margaret johnstone: Good you have someone to talk to.
Your ball. Yeah.
margaret johnstone: So you've cancelled all your credit cards that you need to you think
Donna Jochimsen: For the Overseer. I was just the one i think it's it's cancelled. So
On
Donna Jochimsen: I hate doing that. I just, I hate it because it just just so it's so unlike me I am I live on Social Security disability and very small amount of money and I take great pride in the fact that I can survive on that every month.
margaret johnstone: You know, and it is there's not
Donna Jochimsen: Not a lot left over, but I don't have to ask anybody for help. So for me to just spend money, you know, as it's just so wrong.
margaret johnstone: Yeah, and it really disrupts your life a lot
Yeah.
margaret johnstone: Okay, and then your husband died just two years ago.
margaret johnstone: We did. What did he die of
Donna Jochimsen: He had cancer of the liver.
margaret johnstone: Oh, that's a bad one. Yeah.
Donna Jochimsen: It was a very hard time card.
margaret johnstone: How long was he'll
Donna Jochimsen: Let's see.
Donna Jochimsen: About it nine months, I guess not. Yeah, nine months, I think.
margaret johnstone: You know,
That's
margaret johnstone: That's the one.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah yeah
Donna Jochimsen: It was hard came out was horrible. And of course, he didn't have a didn't have a tumor on his liver, it was
Donna Jochimsen: explained it to me is more of a cell on a cellular level because they kept driving it. They knew from his I can't remember the name of the level it in his blood, they had not they could see that he had cancer of the liver, but they could never find a tumor or anything.
Donna Jochimsen: And
Donna Jochimsen: It was it was bad. So when they did give him chemo. They just had to give him really high doses and
Donna Jochimsen: At the end
Donna Jochimsen: You know, I took it. But I was really worried about how I was going to take it and it was, he was so bad at the end that it was almost a blessing.
Donna Jochimsen: Right. It made it a little easier because he suffered a lot
margaret johnstone: Yeah, and and you're able to do some of the grieving actually while the person sale.
margaret johnstone: I mean, no.
Donna Jochimsen: I definitely did that I definitely did that which you know which, in a way, it was a shame because he was still there, you know,
Donna Jochimsen: Right, I feel like we like that. Maybe I lost some quality time that I could have had because I was already in the grieving process, but it is
margaret johnstone: Writing sounds like you did a good job taking care of him, which is a lot of work.
Donna Jochimsen: Yes. And he wanted. He wanted more than anything. He did not want to die in the hospital. So we brought him home. And for the last five days.
Donna Jochimsen: I don't think I ever I told my kids leave me in the hospital, let me die there do not do not put yourself through that again. It was really, really hard.
margaret johnstone: Yeah yeah hospice makes it sound very easy and it isn't.
margaret johnstone: Yeah.
margaret johnstone: Yeah, I've heard that.
Donna Jochimsen: Before. Oh, it was not easy. It was not pretty. It was not easy.
Donna Jochimsen: But he got, what do you want if you got to die at home.
Donna Jochimsen: You wanted that more than anything.
Donna Jochimsen: So,
margaret johnstone: Now I feel good about that.
margaret johnstone: That was a real gift you gave him.
Donna Jochimsen: Was a gift. That's how I think of it again. Yeah.
margaret johnstone: You should, you should well um I you know I'm supposed to be doing your medications, but it sounds like you have someone who's going to continue the Suboxone, is that correct
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, yeah, I do. I do do a group meeting with bright hour every Monday.
Donna Jochimsen: And who
Donna Jochimsen: Can they refill a refill the Suboxone but they don't want to do. They didn't want to that doctor didn't want to deal with any other psychiatric medicine.
margaret johnstone: Okay, well, I'll do your psych meds will divided up evenly. I'll do your cycles and that doctor can do your Suboxone how's that
Donna Jochimsen: Okay.
margaret johnstone: And so the plan for them. The psych meds will be to go up a small amount on the lithium retest in two weeks and go up on the Seroquel and see if a little more sleep we can get it with lithium, we can get your sleeping.
Donna Jochimsen: Yes, bank you
margaret johnstone: Put those in today for you. And then I'd like to see you again in at least two weeks.
Donna Jochimsen: Okay. In two weeks about the time that I'm going to test or do a level again. Okay.
margaret johnstone: Yeah. After you do your next level. Yeah. Day after you do your next level.
margaret johnstone: Okay.
margaret johnstone: All right, well, it can be three weeks. What do you want to do.
Donna Jochimsen: Okay, probably be better to be three, then we'll have time to get the level back
Donna Jochimsen: Okay.
margaret johnstone: We all know things get worse. You can always get ahold of me, but I think you're going to start feeling better, because you're going to go in the right
Donna Jochimsen: And then the manic phase is already going away. It's
Donna Jochimsen: Our would be the depressive part of it, but we'll see. Maybe we can maybe we can stop that with some sleep and some more lithium.
margaret johnstone: Exactly. Your brain heals while you're sleeping so forget it, you sleeping eight to nine hours sometimes even 10 it actually helps a lot.
margaret johnstone: Right.
Donna Jochimsen: You, bro. All right, I'll
Donna Jochimsen: I will. I'm sure that they'll just send me an email with an appointment for you so
Donna Jochimsen: I will see you then.
Donna Jochimsen: Right. And I'll do the lithium. I'll do the lithium two weeks from today so
Good.
margaret johnstone: Okay, it's
margaret johnstone: A pleasure alright with you and getting to meet you. And thank you for being so patient
margaret johnstone: I had to patients and I'm I wasn't up to do and
Donna Jochimsen: That's kind of hard.
Yeah.
Donna Jochimsen: All right, what Margaret. Thank you very much.
margaret johnstone: Bye bye.
Bye.